doc: update readme to setup environment for development (#9599)
LedgerHQ/ledger-live: README.md

### Dependencies

#### Pre-requisites

1. Install a newer ruby version

We recommend to use [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) to install packages on your MacOs computer.

Make sure to install Ruby in its `3.3.X` version
```sh

> brew install ruby@3.3

Reviewer: Watch out, the `sh`code block is not closed

Author: sorry, I did commit your suggestion, without checking the end of the block

### Dependencies

#### Pre-requisites

1. Install a newer ruby version

We recommend to use [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) to install packages on your MacOs computer.

> Then, install a working ruby version for our apps (working at this time but may change at yours)
> ```sh
> brew install ruby@3.3
> ```

Reviewer: We must be more imperative on the version we are using, otherwise it gives readers the feeling we are not managing our toolchains very well. Also we must always go from the principle that the documentation is the latest and is working with the current version of our code. If it is not the case, this is our duty to make it evolve.

```suggestion
Make sure to install Ruby in its `3.3.X` version
```sh
brew install ruby@3.3
```
```

Author: fixed

Put the following content to your `~/.zshrc` file
```
if [ -d "/opt/homebrew/opt/ruby@3.3/bin" ]; then
  export PATH=/opt/homebrew/opt/ruby@3.3/bin:$PATH
  export PATH=`gem environment gemdir`/bin:$PATH
fi
```
Reload the configuration
```sh
source ~/.zshrc
```
And check the ruby version
```sh
ruby --version
```

> It should display the latest stable version installed by homebrew (`3.3.7` at our time)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It displays the latest stable version among the one you've selected (`3.3.7` at the time writing)
```

Author: fixed

```sh
ruby 3.3.7 (2025-01-15 revision be31f993d7) [arm64-darwin24]
```

2. Install `bundler` and `cocoapods` for `ledger-live-mobile` on iOS
```sh
gem install bundler:2.5.7
gem install cocoapods
```

3. Downgrade the version of the `activesupport` gem

There is known bug on the activesupport version with cocoapods (we did not dig into it), so we need to downgrade it to make it works
```sh
gem uninstall activesupport
```
You will have the following output
```sh
cocoapods-core-1.16.2 depends on activesupport (>= 5.0, < 8)
If you remove this gem, these dependencies will not be met.
Continue with Uninstall? [yN]
```
Type `y`, then
```sh
gem install activesupport -v  7.0.8 # this version was working for the install, an other may work also

> ``` 

Reviewer: I trust you on this one, I didn't have to touch it at all 🤷‍♂️ 

```sh
francois.guerin@LMFR0160 ~ % gem list activesupport 

*** LOCAL GEMS ***

activesupport (7.2.2.1)
```
